README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/devatherock/artifactory-badge)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/devatherock/artifactory-badge?sort=semver)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/devatherock/artifactory-badge/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/devatherock/artifactory-badge?branch=master)
[![Quality Gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=artifactory-badge&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?id=artifactory-badge&metric=alert_status&view=list)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg?sort=date)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# artifactory-badge
Badge generator for docker registries hosted in jfrog artifactory

## Usage
### Sample command
```
docker run --rm \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -e ARTIFACTORY_URL=https://some/url \
  -e ARTIFACTORY_API_KEY=xyz \
  devatherock/artifactory-badge:latest
```

### Environment variables for configuration

| Name                                  |   Required   |   Default        |   Description                                                                     |
|---------------------------------------|--------------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ARTIFACTORY_URL                       |   true       |   (None)         |   The JFrog artifactory URL that hosts the docker registry                        |
| ARTIFACTORY_API_KEY                   |   true       |   (None)         |   API key for interacting with artifactory's REST API                             |
| ARTIFACTORY_EXCLUDED_FOLDERS          |   false      |   /_uploads      |   Subfolders to be not treated as docker tags                                     |
| ARTIFACTORY_DATE_FORMAT               |   false      |   yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSXXX |   Date format to parse dates in artifactory API responses           |
| ARTIFACTORY_BADGE_SHIELDS_IO_ENABLED  |   false      |   true           |   Indicates if <a href="https://shields.io">shields.io</a> should be used to generate the badge  |
| LOGGER_LEVELS_ROOT                    |   false      |   INFO           |   [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/api/org/apache/commons/logging/Log.html) log level, for all(framework and custom) code  |
| LOGGER_LEVELS_IO_GITHUB_DEVATHEROCK   |   false      |   INFO           |   [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/api/org/apache/commons/logging/Log.html) log level, for custom code  |
| MICRONAUT_ENVIRONMENTS                |   false      |   (None)         |   Setting the value to `local` will mock the calls to the artifactory. Only for testing purposes  |
| MICRONAUT_SERVER_PORT                 |   false      |   8080           |   Port in which the app listens on                                                |
| JAVA_OPTS                             |   false      |   (None)         |   Additional JVM arguments to be passed to the container's java process           |

### Endpoints
- `/docker/pulls?package=path/to/package` - Generates download count badge
- `/docker/image-size?package=path/to/package` - Generates docker image size badge
- `/docker/layers?package=path/to/package` - Generates docker image layers count badge
- `/version?package=path/to/package` - Generates latest version badge

### Sample badge generated by the custom generator
```xml
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" width="144" height="20" role="img" aria-label="docker pulls: 47">
    <title>docker pulls: 47</title>
    <linearGradient id="s" x2="0" y2="100%">
        <stop offset="0" stop-color="#bbb" stop-opacity=".1"/>
        <stop offset="1" stop-opacity=".1"/>
    </linearGradient>
    <clipPath id="r">
        <rect width="144" height="20" rx="3" fill="#fff"/>
    </clipPath>
    <g clip-path="url(#r)">
        <rect width="112" height="20" fill="#555"/>
        <rect x="112" width="32" height="20" fill="#007ec6"/>
        <rect width="144" height="20" fill="url(#s)"/>
    </g>
    <g font-family="monospace">
        <text aria-hidden="true" x="0" y="15" fill="#fff" xml:space="preserve"> docker pulls </text>
        <text aria-hidden="true" x="112" y="15" fill="#fff" xml:space="preserve"> 47 </text>
    </g>
</svg>
```

## Troubleshooting
### Enabling debug logs
- Set the environment variable `LOGGER_LEVELS_ROOT` to `DEBUG` to enable all debug logs - custom and framework
- Set the environment variable `LOGGER_LEVELS_IO_GITHUB_DEVATHEROCK` to `DEBUG` to enable debug logs only in custom code
- For fine-grained logging control, supply a custom [logback.xml](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/configuration.html) file
and set the environment variable `JAVA_OPTS` to `-Dlogback.configurationFile=/path/to/custom/logback.xml`

### JSON logs

To output logs as JSON, set the environment variable `JAVA_OPTS` to `-Dlogback.configurationFile=logback-json.xml`. Refer
[logstash-logback-encoder](https://github.com/logstash/logstash-logback-encoder) documentation to customize the field names and 
formats in the log

Commit message:

feat: Added janino to have conditions in logging config
Closes #107

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/devatherock/artifactory-badge)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/devatherock/artifactory-badge?sort=semver)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/devatherock/artifactory-badge/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/devatherock/artifactory-badge?branch=master)
[![Quality Gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=artifactory-badge&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?id=artifactory-badge&metric=alert_status&view=list)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![Docker Image Size](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/devatherock/artifactory-badge.svg?sort=date)](https://hub.docker.com/r/devatherock/artifactory-badge/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
# artifactory-badge
Badge generator for docker registries hosted in jfrog artifactory

## Usage
### Sample command
```
docker run --rm \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -e ARTIFACTORY_URL=https://some/url \
  -e ARTIFACTORY_API_KEY=xyz \
  devatherock/artifactory-badge:latest
```

### Configurable properties
#### application.yml

```yaml
logger:
  levels:
    io.micronaut.http.server.netty.NettyHttpServer: TRACE # Optional. To enable HTTP server access logs
```

#### Environment variables

| Name                                  |   Required   |   Default        |   Description                                                                     |
|---------------------------------------|--------------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ARTIFACTORY_URL                       |   true       |   (None)         |   The JFrog artifactory URL that hosts the docker registry                        |
| ARTIFACTORY_API_KEY                   |   true       |   (None)         |   API key for interacting with artifactory's REST API                             |
| ARTIFACTORY_EXCLUDED_FOLDERS          |   false      |   /_uploads      |   Subfolders to be not treated as docker tags                                     |
| ARTIFACTORY_DATE_FORMAT               |   false      |   yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSSXXX |   Date format to parse dates in artifactory API responses           |
| ARTIFACTORY_BADGE_SHIELDS_IO_ENABLED  |   false      |   true           |   Indicates if <a href="https://shields.io">shields.io</a> should be used to generate the badge  |
| LOGGER_LEVELS_ROOT                    |   false      |   INFO           |   [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/api/org/apache/commons/logging/Log.html) log level, for all(framework and custom) code  |
| LOGGER_LEVELS_IO_GITHUB_DEVATHEROCK   |   false      |   INFO           |   [SLF4J](http://www.slf4j.org/api/org/apache/commons/logging/Log.html) log level, for custom code  |
| MICRONAUT_ENVIRONMENTS                |   false      |   (None)         |   Setting the value to `local` will mock the calls to the artifactory. Only for testing purposes  |
| MICRONAUT_SERVER_PORT                 |   false      |   8080           |   Port in which the app listens on                                                |
| MICRONAUT_CONFIG_FILES                |   true       |   (None)         |   Path to YAML config files. The YAML files can be used to specify complex, object and array properties  |
| JAVA_OPTS                             |   false      |   (None)         |   Additional JVM arguments to be passed to the container's java process           |

### Endpoints
- `/docker/pulls?package=path/to/package` - Generates download count badge
- `/docker/image-size?package=path/to/package` - Generates docker image size badge
- `/docker/layers?package=path/to/package` - Generates docker image layers count badge
- `/version?package=path/to/package` - Generates latest version badge

### Sample badge generated by the custom generator
```xml
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" width="144" height="20" role="img" aria-label="docker pulls: 47">
    <title>docker pulls: 47</title>
    <linearGradient id="s" x2="0" y2="100%">
        <stop offset="0" stop-color="#bbb" stop-opacity=".1"/>
        <stop offset="1" stop-opacity=".1"/>
    </linearGradient>
    <clipPath id="r">
        <rect width="144" height="20" rx="3" fill="#fff"/>
    </clipPath>
    <g clip-path="url(#r)">
        <rect width="112" height="20" fill="#555"/>
        <rect x="112" width="32" height="20" fill="#007ec6"/>
        <rect width="144" height="20" fill="url(#s)"/>
    </g>
    <g font-family="monospace">
        <text aria-hidden="true" x="0" y="15" fill="#fff" xml:space="preserve"> docker pulls </text>
        <text aria-hidden="true" x="112" y="15" fill="#fff" xml:space="preserve"> 47 </text>
    </g>
</svg>
```

## Troubleshooting
### Enabling debug logs
- Set the environment variable `LOGGER_LEVELS_ROOT` to `DEBUG` to enable all debug logs - custom and framework
- Set the environment variable `LOGGER_LEVELS_IO_GITHUB_DEVATHEROCK` to `DEBUG` to enable debug logs only in custom code
- For fine-grained logging control, supply a custom [logback.xml](http://logback.qos.ch/manual/configuration.html) file
and set the environment variable `JAVA_OPTS` to `-Dlogback.configurationFile=/path/to/custom/logback.xml`

### JSON logs
Refer [logstash-logback-encoder](https://github.com/logstash/logstash-logback-encoder) documentation to customize the field names and formats in the log

- With the default logging config, if `MICRONAUT_ENVIRONMENTS` environment variable has the value `local`, logs will be in plain text(not JSON) format. Else they will be in JSON format
- To output logs as JSON all the time, set the environment variable `JAVA_OPTS` to `-Dlogback.configurationFile=logback-json.xml`
- To output logs as plain text(not JSON) all the time, set the environment variable `JAVA_OPTS` to `-Dlogback.configurationFile=logback-plain.xml`
